Add basic metrics for Eventing publishers (#10919)
kyma-project/kyma: components/event-publisher-proxy/README.md

## Environment Variables

| Environment Variable    | Default Value | Description                                                                                |
| ----------------------- | ------------- |------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |

> | INGRESS_PORT            | 8080          | The ingress port for the CloudEvents Gateway Proxy.                                        |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| INGRESS_PORT            | 8080          | The ingress port for the Cloud Events Gateway Proxy.                                        |
```
In the [beginning ](https://github.com/kyma-project/kyma/blob/8adb121067e38204b57fdd358c46accc53512150/components/event-publisher-proxy/README.md#overview) of the readme we write it separately, so it would be nice to keep it consistent to avoid any confusion.

| MAX_IDLE_CONNS          | 100           | The maximum number of idle (keep-alive) connections across all hosts. Zero means no limit. |
| MAX_IDLE_CONNS_PER_HOST | 2             | The maximum idle (keep-alive) connections to keep per-host. Zero means the default value.  |
| REQUEST_TIMEOUT         | 5s            | The timeout for the outgoing requests to the Messaging server.                             |
| CLIENT_ID               |               | The Client ID used to acquire Access Tokens from the Authentication server.                |
| CLIENT_SECRET           |               | The Client Secret used to acquire Access Tokens from the Authentication server.            |
| TOKEN_ENDPOINT          |               | The Authentication Server Endpoint to provide Access Tokens.                               |

> | EMS_PUBLISH_URL         |               | The Messaging Server Endpoint that accepts publishing CloudEvents to it.                   |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| EMS_PUBLISH_URL         |               | The Messaging Server Endpoint that accepts publishing Cloud Events to it.                   |
```

| BEB_NAMESPACE           |               | The name of the namespace in BEB.                                                          |
| EVENT_TYPE_PREFIX       |               | The prefix of the eventType as per the BEB event specification.                            |

## Flags
| Flag                    | Default Value | Description                                                                                |
| ----------------------- | ------------- |------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |

> | max-request-Size        | 65536         | The maximum size of the request.                                                           |

Reviewer 2: here should be "max-request-size", right?

Author: Done

> | max-request-Size        | 65536         | The maximum size of the request.                                                           |

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
| max-request-size        | 65536         | The maximum size of the request.                                                           |
```
